Feature mrmr (#622)
koaning/scikit-lego: docs/user-guide/feature-selection.md

- Mutual information approximation based on sklearn implementation.

Against the default scikit-lego MRMR implementation and a custom MRMR implementation aimed to select features in order to draw a smiling face on the plot showing the minst letters.

??? example "MRMR imports"
    ```py
    --8<-- "docs/_scripts/feature-selection.py:mrmr-commonimports"
    ```

```py title="MRMR mnist"
--8<-- "docs/_scripts/feature-selection.py:mrmr-intro"
```

As custom functions, we implemented the smile redundancy and smile relevance.

```py title="MRMR smile functions"
--8<-- "docs/_scripts/feature-selection.py:mrmr-smile"
```

Then we execute the main code part.

```py title="MRMR core"
--8<-- "docs/_scripts/feature-selection.py:mrmr-core"
```

After the execution it is possible to inspect the F1-score for the selected features:

```py title="MRMR mnist selected features"
--8<-- "docs/_scripts/feature-selection.py:mrmr-selected-features"
```

```console hl_lines="5-6"
Feature selection method: f_classif
F1 score: 0.854
Feature selection method: mutual_info
F1 score: 0.879
Feature selection method: mrmr
F1 score: 0.925
Feature selection method: mrmr_smile
F1 score: 0.849
```

> As expected MRMR feature selection model provides better results compared against the other methods. (Smile still performs very well!)

Reviewer: Nitpick, but maybe this is friendlier:. 

```suggestion
The MRMR feature selection model provides better results compared against the other methods, although the smile technique performs rather good as well. 
```
